the FED gave a green light to investors
whether they noticed it whether they
intended or not you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you
there has been this Euphoria which has
taken over the minds of investors they
got what they wanted to hear at least
they heard what they wanted to and in
this video I'm going to show you the
biggest dump of Cash ever you can
believe it right here I'll show you that
first first take a look this is
incredible on Friday the S&P 500 spy the
ETF saw the biggest single day inflow on
record at $2.8
billion incredible right well look at it
dating back to the etf's Inception in
1993 this has never been seen look at it
look at that line there it's
extreme we've never seen that before and
by far it's not even like close it's by
far and so we know that more and more
and more people are getting this idea
that I need to put my money in at the
same time we are seeing the end of the
year the Santa Claus rally which has
been taking place since October the
market in general has been rising yes
there are down days yes that happens but
the general move has been going in not
surprising that is the way things go
seasonally we tend to find from you know
Halloween basically and onward this
rally takes place and it happens to be
with some other events at the same time
look that's what's been going on that's
the generalization but what's what's
happening like what's the nitty-gritty
of it all well here you can see Meta
stock is wrapping up a record year
spread by Cost Cuts that followed a
disastrous 2022 Zuckerberg said we're
going to do this thing called the
metaverse people get in the metaverse
and they say hey where are the people's
legs what's going on here nobody wants
this metaverse stuff after a few weeks
of realizing it wasn't all that it was
claimed to be but Zuckerberg kept
pushing and metaverse metaverse
metaverse when they changed their tune
and when they started saying ai ai it
turned around all they needed to do was
number one fire a whole bunch of people
and then stop talking about metaverse
stock went up that's the way these
things work okay it's not based on
reality it's based on silly things like
this
there is no recession risk at all
embedded in equity valuations this is
according to Rosenberg and he's right
it's priced to Perfection right now and
you're going to see dips you're going to
see a little bit of you know some fear
that gets in the market or in the case
of what we saw
recently that happens when um positions
are put on in order to take advantage of
these Rises but in general the if you
compare puts to calls like how many bets
are going towards the market going up
how many bets do the market going down
overwhelmingly it's calls overwhelmingly
so they're betting that the market will
go up okay um looking at it you'll see
the positioning overall okay in terms of
PE ratios okay you can look at the us or
you can look at the NASDAQ you can look
at you know specific markets or specific
stocks but when we zoom out and look at
the world index
on a PA basis PE basis it's at 17 it's
at average basically right now at this
time and
so overall like if you want to do that
things are not that hot but when we
start to break it down into certain
markets like the United States oh then
things certainly change and when we go
to tech stocks oh it gets even worse and
when we go to certain individual stocks
yeah it goes crazy this right here just
among other indicators showing you are
they
overdone is it underdone right now in
Goldman Sachs mortgage Stanley Bank of
America they provide this type of data
um just showing us in terms of the RSI
for instance yes going wild and going
crazy too much into one stock all at
once or all in one market all at once
that that's what this is showing us okay
several several ways to look at that I
pulled up like a hundred and just giving
you a few examples where yes it is
overdone yes it is overbought uh but
we've seen worse certainly and at you
know at any moment there's always some
level of steam that needs to come off so
you see a down day here and there but
this is part of that Santa Claus rally
the seasonality that's generally present
unless there's some sort of very big
problem because the and by the way this
is just the calls so you could see that
overwhelmingly the bias is on the upside
okay all I need to explain is
that during these periods of time the
you know investors the hedge funds uh
any sort of mutual funds and things
during this period of time they have the
need and Pension funds by the way they
have to buy during this time at the end
of each quarter but also big time at the
end of the year and so there's a desire
to to buy so that that tends to be the
bias and that is one of the reasons why
towards the end of the year here that
there generally is a rally like I said
if there was this massive recession and
like millions of people were being laid
off suddenly tomorrow that changes
things but just in general these are
generalizations okay and look more of
that you can see European market bre
heads towards resistance levels and
that's generally the way this works okay
because you want to see broadly the
broad market doing very well you don't
want to see a handful of names like
there is in the US right now today where
breath is very very bad you want to see
oh okay a lot of stocks are doing well
it's never you know 100% of the stocks
doing well but you just want to see that
g General move oh okay it's not just one
or two stocks carrying everything or
just a handful it's a lot of stocks
that's doesn't seem to be the case in
many areas technical picture is mixed
when we look at the world index okay we
are getting there and this is overbought
stocks are facing some resistance into
year end
and certainly that's where things are
measuring in the PE ratios okay we're
looking at it like that but when we uh
take into account other things certainly
a different story RSI being one of them
all that does is in a shortterm scale
short term it tells us overbought or
oversold and these things are constantly
fluctuating and just because it gets to
a certain level doesn't mean that
thing's going to crash if you study
these markets in depth you start to
realize what happens here as we move up
to these overbought levels which by the
way in a matter of days that can flip
around and go in completely in the other
direction so don't think it just hits
there and stays there what you got to
understand is when we go to these levels
it increases the probability that it
turns the other way that's the same way
with price action in a stock okay but we
look at different oscillators
measurements of whether we go overbought
oversold how you know and that's to
different degrees okay it's not like a
switch not like a light switch and so
right now all it's saying is that it is
too overbought and this needs to let off
some steam in order for it to be healthy
because the faster up it goes the harder
down the crash occurs we don't want that
we want nice and slow and steady rise
The Magnificent Seven Up for another
Bull Run what to expect from technology
stocks in 2024 you will see this over
and over and over and over again the the
suggestion that those Magnificent Seven
stocks essentially tech stocks for the
most part um will continue to ride it
out especially if they cut interest
rates why we have growth stocks growth
stocks require debt they borrow why do
they do this because this is the way it
works they're not necessarily producing
income so as a business if I can borrow
at let's just make up a number 10% if I
can borrow at 10 but my margin is 30% or
40% or whatever the case is I'm going to
make that spread so it's you know I have
every incentive to want to
borrow but we have a problem when this
gets condensed okay the margins get
condensed we start start to encounter an
issue that tends to happen when we have
higher interest rates and so that's what
you need to pay attention I'm going to
break this down for my finance
Friday's uh group but you get the
picture the stock market fear gauge is
the lowest level since uh 2020 and uh
this has changed uh since then but the
article is all about that and um
basically this is the VIX Index a
measurement of stock market volatility
and of course of course right now it's
getting lower and lower and lower just
like in
2017 very similar so we could you know
go into next year potentially with
everything being a okay right or is it a
recession and everything will suddenly
change where we are getting some
indications that a lot of that froth in
the market has been let go which is
which is a good sign by the way used
Rolex prices seem benefiting from rate
Cuts sub dial index I actually disagree
with it when you look at the index
itself this is the Bloomberg subd watch
index which I'm assuming Bloomberg
bought them out recently cuz I didn't
see that before it's something I've been
tracking a lot you'll see people like
Iman gaji and all these uh you know
gurus online that they're talking about
their $3 million watch portfolio yada
yada um well what were they quoting
exactly were they using this right now
like the secondary Market because that
is not a legitimate way to price it but
anyway uh this just been coming down so
I don't know why they're saying it's
gone up but you know here we go that's a
good thing let me tell you because when
we were going crazy two years ago not
healthy very much you know a situation
of extreme tyght Market the resellers
were going crazy you had your your jpegs
doing very well suddenly you remember
those nfts
craziness um you know but that's the way
it is so you could see the froth you you
could see it coming off I explained
everything here in this video and the
way that this works watch what happens
with rate cuts and the relation to tech
stocks very important stuff if you want
to be at the very Forefront of this
information I break that down in my
finance Friday live class so we call it
the money GPS Finance live I do it every
Friday it's a closed group it is only
for those who are part of it if you want
information right at the top of the link
uh top Link at the you know in the
description you're going to get all the
information you need to know there's an
apply button if you apply that's
basically just emailing me and then you
know if you're interested in all the
terms that are there let me know I'll
set that up for you I appreciate you
being here if you uh want to you know
continue to see these videos you got to
hit that thumbs up because that tells
the algorithm hey show more videos so I
do appreciate that very much and don't
forget to come back tomorrow and I'll
bring you the latest and greatest take
care